doc: Advanced Cluster Differences and TF Core Upgrades (#2633)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/index.md

You may want to consider pinning the [provider version](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/providers.html#provider-versions) to ensure you have a chance to review and prepare for changes.
Speaking of changes, see [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) for current version information.  

> For the best experience, we recondmend using the latest [HashiCorp Terraform Cove Version](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform). For more details see [HashiCorp Terraform Version Compatibility Matrix](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs#hashicorp-terraform-versionhttpswwwterraformiodownloadshtml-compatibility-matrix).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the best experience, we recommend using the latest [HashiCorp Terraform Core Version](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform). For more details see [HashiCorp Terraform Version Compatibility Matrix](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs#hashicorp-terraform-versionhttpswwwterraformiodownloadshtml-compatibility-matrix).
```

> For the best experience, we recondmend using the latest [HashiCorp Terraform Cove Version] (https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform). For more details see [HashiCorp Terraform Version Compatibility Matrix](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs#hashicorp-terraform-versionhttpswwwterraformiodownloadshtml-compatibility-matrix).

Author: ```suggestion
For the best experience, we recondmend using the latest [HashiCorp Terraform Cove Version}(https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform). For more details see [HashiCorp Terraform Version Compatibility Matrix](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs#hashicorp-terraform-versionhttpswwwterraformiodownloadshtml-compatibility-matrix).
```
